Stella: Previously on
"Life Sentence"...
Someone should convert
this into a bar.
This is amazing.
You want to buy a bar?
Why do you think a bank
is gonna hand you money
to open a bar?
Because I have a friend
who knows all the ins and outs
on the financial stuff,
and he's gonna coach me.
This is gonna turn out
to be me, isn't it?
Ida: I've been thinking
about our Kiss.
I've been thinking
about that, too.
I think that we both know
that moment is over.
Yeah, that's exactly
what I was thinking.
This could be
something real.
The last real thing I had
I screwed up.
My big brother's name
was Jesse.
And every single patient
I treat, I see him.
When I lose one, I lose
my brother all over again.
You had a wedding with Pippa?!
So, what?
Sh-She just left you
at the altar?
Stella:
I had told myself
that things between me and Wes
were fine after Pippa,
but maybe they're not?
Do you have
feelings for him? No.
We might need
someone to help us
sort through
our specific problems,
like Dr. Grant and Pippa.
Counseling. We do have
a lot to sort through.
So you're our
couples counselor?
Miles: Yes, I assure you,
I am qualified.
Great session.
See you next time.
Actually, we wanted
to talk to you about that.
We've been doing so well
since we started coming here...
We've been "checking in"
night and day,
looking for
"win-win solutions..."
And we are back to having
Sara Bareilles candle sex
like three times a week.
We were just wondering
if maybe it was time
to take off the training wheels.
And work our new tools
all by ourselves.
At home.
Without you there.
Did I do something wrong?
No, not at all!
You did something right.
In fact, congratulations
are in order.
You did it, kid.
Yep.
Well, it sounds like
you made a decision.
And that you made it
together.
So, good for you.
But if anything comes up,
my door is always open.
-0
Oh, My -
Well, actually, no.
Your door is locked.
Ah,
It does that sometimes.
There.
-Oh, okay.
-Bye.
-See ya.
Was that too abrupt?
I mean, maybe we should have
had a few more sessions?
No. We've been at it for weeks,
and it's worked wonders,
but now we need
to try it on our own.
See if it sticks,
you know?
Yeah, but I gotta go.
I've got a volunteer shift
with my name on it.
Yeah, I should probably
get back to work, as well.
Aiden's been texting
about "a surprise”
he has for me,
and I'm terrified.
Oh.
Is everything okay?
We just haven't really been
seeing eye-to-eye
on what things are and are not
worth spending money on.
But I'll sort it out.
I am looking for
"win-win solutions."
Not to brag, but I was really
killing it at marriage.
Well, thank you
for nothing!
And work was going well, too.
Stella, there's something foul
in the break-room fridge.
Can you
get to the bottom of it?
Are we short
on janitors today?
No, why?
NO reason.
I am on it.
Hey, Elaine,
is everything okay?
Sheila in Community Outreach
just quit
and left me
with a half-planned
bone marrow drive
at the rec center.
Why would she plan a bone marrow
drive at the rec center?
18- to 30-year-olds
are the most viable donors,
and nobody under the age of 60
goes to the rec center.
You know a lot
about bone marrow.
I was supposed to
have a transplant,
but we couldn't
find a match.
I ended up
getting into a trial,
but I know that most kids
don't make it that far,
so that's why these drives
are so important.
I could really
use your help.
Sure. What do you need?Take the whole thing over.
Starting with getting a few
hundred 18- to 30-year-olds
to the rec center
on Friday.
Well, that is my demo,
so leave it me.
I-I won't let you down!
So, Gina and I are
kinda getting serious.
Oh? Do tell.
We're talking
about the future.
And, uh, to that end,
I may have told her that you
and I were officially divorced.
Oh.
- Are these
divorce papers?
Sorry to spring this
on you,
but I didn't think
it would be a problem,
given the fact that...
you left me.
No. It's not a problem.
I would be thrilled
to sign these.
Give 'em the old
Jane Hancock.
Make my mark.
I just, um...
You know,
I don't have a pen.
Oh.
You know, uh, signing divorce
papers is like peeing --
hard to do with
someone watching.
Take your time.
And thank you for being
so great about this.
Of course.
Love Gina.
So happy for you.
Thanks.
Don't worry about a thing
You'll learn to live again
You're gonna learn
to live again
Oh, oh, oh
Ta-da!
Uh...
I'm confused.
I thought we agreed you were
gonna take care of the sign.
And I did.
It works perfectly now.
No, no,
I meant take it down
and put up a sign
that says "bar."
But this sign is cool
and vintage and --
Does not say
the word "bar."
"Cause we're not a bar, Wes.
We're a speakeasy.
We don't want just anybody
coming in here.
We want the mystique...
of Miss Steak.
So, what you're saying is,
you spent money on a sign
that keeps our bar a secret
from the general public?
Yeah.
Now you're getting it.
Hey, guys.
What's up?
I just wanted to, uh,
offer my, uh, congratulations.
I had no idea that
you were doing this.
Wait. Really?
No one told you?
Not a soul.
I actually found out
from Lizzie
before she left town
to meet with her publisher.
Anyways, uh, she wanted me
to drop this off.
It's, uh, an old framed
photo of this place.
She figured that
it'd be nice to have
once you guys take down
the old sign.
We're not taking
the sign down.
So, how are people supposed to
know that this is a bar?
Oh! I rest my case.
They're not
supposed to know,
but then they come in
and it is one.
That is cool!
Okay. Okay.
And I rest my case.
Oh! Oh! Oh!
-Whoa!
-I'm gonna get that fixed.
No, you're not!
Come on, Wes.
I know bars.
I know what makes bars cool
because I am the cool one.
I think we're
equally cool.
Really? I think your
flannel shirt is tucked in.
Look, the point is,
we are gonna run out of money
if we keep wasting it
on signs that don't work
and whatever it is
you're about to show me.
Custom-etched glasses with
a graphic of my design.
Goes with the whole
"what people in the '50s
thought the future
would look like" vibe.
You mean the "mid-century
modern" furniture
that you
spent too much on?
Oh! It's super comfy.
Wes, most bars close
within the first three months
"cause people come once
and they don't come back.
I am trying to create a vibe
that creates a buzz
that prevents that
from happening.
And I am trying to make sure
that we don't close
before we even open.
You have already blown through
our four-week start-up fund.
Then we'll open early.
How about Friday?
Diego, are you free Friday?
Sure,
I've got nothing going on.
Because nobody asked me
to be a part of anything.
How are we
gonna open early
when we don't even have
money for advertising?
Can't you move
some numbers around?
There are no numbers
to move.
Then we'll get creative.
All right, you, you put
your thinking cap on,
and I...
will fire up
the snow cone machine.
By the way, I-I bought
a snow cone machine.
-Oh. Dr. Grant, hello.
-Hey.
So, I am hosting this
bone marrow drive on Friday,
and I was wondering if --No.
Well, you didn't hear
what I needed.
Well, you said
it was on Friday,
and I'm not available
on Friday.
Okay. Well, do you think
that I could have access
to your patient profiles
to see if there's
a potential match?
Sure. I will, uh,
leave them here for later.
Hey?
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Why wouldn't I be okay?
I don't know.
That's why I was asking.
Don't worry about me,
Stella.
Oh! Sorry.
Thank you for this.
It's been a weird day, and your
grilled cheese comforts me.
My trick is the Dijon mustard.
It really pops the cheddar.
MmMmm.
I mean,
I'm happy for Peter,
so why am I freaking out
about signing some papers?
Well, because divorce
just seems final, you know.
One day
you're part of something,
and the next day
your brother-in-laws
are opening up a bar
without you.
Does Peter think he's gonna
marry this woman?
Do Wes and Aiden think I'm not
cool enough to be part of it?
I should just take the plunge
and keep moving forward, right?
I should just talk to them.
Just ask them straight up.
You know what I like
I like that we really
listen to each other.
Hmm.
-Hey, babe.
-Hi.
-Yep.
How was your day?
Well, your brother
spent all of our money
and wants the bar
to be a secret.
That does not sound good.
Nope.
How was your day?
It was partly amazing.
I get to run a bone marrow
drive for the hospital.
-Babe, that's great!
-I know.
I might directly
save a life.
Wait. Why is it only
partly amazing?
Well, I have to get
a couple hundred 20-somethings
to show up
at the rec center,
and while I have a decent
advertising budget,
I just don't know how
I'm going to get them there.
I can offer you a very expensive
SNOW cone machine.
Aiden bought
a snow cone machine.
That makes sense.
Snow was always
his favorite food group.
That's not a bad idea,
actually.
What? Luring them
in with something fun.
How about...
a bar opening?
That's kind of perfect.
Look at us.
Yeah.We're doing so well.
We definitely
do not need therapy.
Sorry. What'd you say?
-Ida!
-Hey!
What are you
doing here?
Oh, I just
dropped by to say...
you've been served.
Signed, sealed,
delivered.
I'm...not yours
anymore.
Thank you.
For what?
For 30 years...
and three beautiful children.
See you around,
Mr. Abbott.
Mrs...Ida.
Aiden: You know I want
to help you, sis,
but I got to say,
a bone marrow drive --
not exactly a sexy way
to open a place.
But it is a great way to get
a crowd together last-minute
without spending money
that we don't have.
Plus, Aiden, you can
make anything sexy.
You're right.
I can even pull off jorts.
Let's do this.
The more people
we get to come,
the better chance we have
of saving a life.
So we need to hand out
all of these flyers.
Well, can we at least agree
to be selective
about who we
give them out to?
So...basically
just pretty girls?
A few dudes.
Like at a five-to-one ratio.
Okay. Operation Bone Drive/
Bar Alive is a go, people.
Yeah, let's definitely
not call it that.
Yeah, I realized that
the minute I said it.
Come on, Aiden!
You can make this sexy!
Oh, baby,
are you goin' my way
I see you kicking off
for holiday
So maybe get to know you,
baby, don't know you at all
Uh, no, no. Tell me how you know
I'm not crazy or a fiend,
oh, oh
Not, not stalker and obscene
Like, like how
you know what I see, oh, okay
Got a feeling, got a feeling,
got a feeling, got a feeling
got a feeling
I got a feeling,
I got a feeling, got a feeling
Feeling, feeling,
feeling, feeling
I got, got, got,
to get, get, to get
And take your time
and try not to wreck it
On, on, on, off,
off for all kids
Get, get up
and make up your own dance
Hello.
Hi. We are hosting
a bone marrow drive,
and we would love
for you to come.
You will love it. It will be
the best thing for you.
And there might be
a free drink
if you're one of
the first ones there.
Yes.
And give some to your friends.
Like hanging
on a darkened cloud
The wind is movin' slow
Hey, beautiful.
What's a guy got to do
to get you to give him
a little bone marrow?
Well, that all depends --
Oh, Aiden.
Mom?
Hey, Mom.
What are you doing here?
I came
to see your father.
And then
I was feeling nostalgic,
so I peeked into
the art classes.
And I think I might try
to finish my art degree.
Oh, look, free dental dams!
Bye, guys.
-Okay.
-Bye.
Okay. Handed out all my flyers.
We did it!
Yes! Go, team.
Thank you guys so much.
This is going to be the best
bar opening bone drive
in the history of ever!
And also the first.
Definitely the first.
Oh. Hi, Elaine.
So, status update -- I am moving
the drive from the rec center
to my husband's super-cool
new speakeasy.
And I hope that
that's okay with you,
because I just realized I did
not get permission to do that.
You could have it on the
moon for all I care. Great.
Now, more important --
Did you get the thing
out of the break
I did. It was old chicken salad
and it was truly horrible.
But what is most important
is that I came here
to get the cheek swab kits
for tomorrow.
Do you know where
I can find them?I can bring them,
if you promise to hook me up
with a bunch of free drinks.
Done and done.
You know, Elaine,
I like you because y--
Are walking away. Okay.
Dr. Grant:
Are you kidding me?!
You're completely insane!
I'm -- I'm hanging up.
I'm -- I'm -- I'm hanging up.
If that was a patient,
we really need to work
on your bedside manner.
Patients are easy.
Family's hard.
I knew
something was wrong.
My parents are in town
for a dedication for my brother.
And they are
driving me crazy.
Hmm. Yeah.
Families will do that.
Mine certainly does,
as you know.
No, mine takes it
to a whole new level.
My parents haven't been
in the same state for 10 years.
My dad is bringing
his 22-year-old girlfriend,
who is pregnant.
Oh.
Yeah.
And now my mom wants
to bring her pit bull.
You still wanna play
the whole
"whose got a crazier
family" game?
Nope.
Think we have a winner.
Yeah!
The worst part
is that the one person
that used to be able to help me
through the insanity...
isn't here anymore.
I don't know where I would be
without my siblings.
Hey, if you need anything
at all this week,
you just send up that
Bat
Thanks, Stella.
!
-Hey, Diego!
Can I talk to you
about something?
Whoa! Is that jukebox
another gift from Lizzie?
Uh, no. It was, uh --
It was here when I got here.
I may have bid on that
a while ago and totally forgot.
This is a one-of-a-kind
collector's item.
People are totally gonna
flip out over it.
Oh, I'll be the first one
to flip out over it
if it cost
more than $100.
Oh, it definitely did.
I mean, these things can go
for, what, like 10 grand.
Did it cost that much?
It might have
cost that much.
But in my defense,
I placed that bid
way before you talked to me
about spending too much money.
There is no defense for buying
a $10,000 CD player!
We could have the biggest
opening of all time,
but without that money
in the bank,
we won't have enough
to stay in business!
Hey, if this is a bad time,
I can go.
How is that possible?
I thought if we had a big
opening night, we'd be fine.
Of course
you thought that, Aiden,
because you never bothered
to ask me
how the business
of our business works!
You just want to do
all the fun stuff.
Well, who doesn't want
to do the fun stuff!?
You know, maybe if you guys
had a third partner,
there'd be somebody here all the
time to mediate and it could --
Okay. I mean,
I'm just saying, it's...
wel'll, I'll -- T'll be here
if you guys need me.
Hi, Pippa.
Pippa: Hi, Wes.
Are you okay?
No, I'm fine.
Actually, no, I'm not fine.
Hey, can I
ask you something?
Hi.
So, you ready
to "check
Because we need to talk.We need to talk.
You go first.You go first.
-No, you go first.
I promised Dr. Grant
that I would help him
through a family crisis.
How do you feel
about that?
Pippa called and offered to help
me through a financial crisis.
How do you feel
about that?
Welcome back!
I think it's important
that you don't consider
being back here
a failure.
-I don't.
- I do. A little.
Regardless, it's smart
to unpack the feelings
brought up by inviting
Dr. Grant and Pippa
back into
your personal lives.
We are feeling
super not good about it.
But it feels like
we should be past it.
Right, because we both know
that neither one of us
would ever do anything
to hurt the other.
The only reason I even
took Pippa's call
was because I needed
to talk to someone
about my rubbish
financial situation.
And, plus, it turned out
to be a happy accident,
because she said that
she might be able to help me
find an investor,
which I need.
And the only reason
I offered to help Dr. Grant
is because I know firsthand
exactly what he's going through.
Cancer destroyed
his family.
And I can't just stand here
and watch him suffer
when I know
that I could help.
But, still,
the thought of Stella
helping Dr. Grant feels --
And the thought of Pippa helping
Wes, it just feels similarly...
Super not good.
Extra super.
Look, this is just fear.
But if you two are fully
committed to each other,
then you really have
nothing to be afraid of.
Well, we are.
We are committed.
Fully.
So...huh, what
you're saying is,
we didn't really need
to come here at all.
Not what I was saying.
Um, next week, we should
work on listening.
You, especially.
Hmm.
-Oh.
-Hey!
Can 1
ask you something?
Sure, what's up?
So, I suggested
to Aiden and Wes
that they might need
a third partner,
and they
totally ignored me.
Hey, do you want
to open a bar with me?
It could be Asheville's
first bi bar.
For men and women.
I'm pretty sure
that's just a bar.
I think it's
a million-dollar idea.
And I'm gonna need a million
dollars to afford college.
-I want to,
_ but it's —-
it's too expensive.
And the last time
I checked,
they not giving out
scholarships to people
who are older than dust.
You're not old.
Honestly,
there are sometimes
that I think it's mathematically
impossible for you
to be Lizzie's mother.
You know,
I do look young.
In fact, my own son almost
hit on me yesterday on campus.
-It's a long story.
-I-I don't need to hear it.
Okay.
Hey, but look,
if -- if you want,
I'll look into
how I can help.
Aw. Diego, thank you.
Dad...do you think
I'm a child?
Not the best time
to ask that question.
Mind if I have
some of your sundae?
Way ahead of you.
Ah!
So...what is going on?
Wes thinks all my ideas for
the bar are a waste of money.
-No.
But...
I guess I did get
a little carried away
and overspent a little.
Like father, like son.
I did the same thing
with your mom.
When Stella was sick,
I did what I thought was right,
but I didn't ask your mom what
she thought, which was wrong.
That's not how
partnership works.
But what if I'm right?
Then you'll
convince him.
Or you compromise.
Or you end up alone.
Yeah.
Hey, I'm really
proud of you.
And I don't want you
to screw this up
because you're acting like me,
so talk to Wes.
I will.
And for the record,
acting like you wouldn't be
the worst thing in the world.
Although, I'm gonna need you
to back off my sundae,
"cause you're acting
like a pig.
Aw, come on.
No, go ahead.
Okay, I just have
a few more errands to run.
And then I will
meet you at the bar.
Have you heard more from
Pippa about the investor?
Not yet.
And, Stella, I promise,
if she hadn't offered --
It's fine. We're fine.
You heard what Miles said.
We are fully committed and we
have nothing to be afraid of.
Oh. I'm sorry, I'm getting
another call, though.
Go.
I'll see you soon.
Okay.
Hello?
Dr. Grant: Hey.
Uh, well, I'm sending up
the Bat-Signal.
Uh, you got a second
to talk?
What's up?
Well, uh, my blood alcohol
level, for starters.
Wait, I thought you were
supposed to be
driving your parents
to the dedication.
I'll let them take a cab.
And, uh, I think
I'm gonna stay home.
You don't
have to be there?
I'm...supposed to present
a scholarship in Jesse's name.
But with my parents there, it
just feels like another reminder
of how damaged
we all are.
Damage can be repaired, Will.
You're a doctor.
You of all people
should know that.
I have no idea
how to fix them.
And I have no idea how I'm
gonna get through it.
What would Jesse
have told you to do?
He...
He would have told me to quit
trying to make it all better
and just...
just be there.
For them.
For him.
Sounds like he has
some pretty good advice.
Yeah.
Yeah, he did.
Hey, Stella, thank you.
And, um,
good luck tonight.
Yeah. You, too.
Bye.
You ready
for our big night?!
Ready as I can be.
Listen, I'm sorry
about the money.
You're my partner,
and I should have consulted you
about everything first.
Thank you for saying that.
And don't worry
about the money.
We will find an investor
and get back on track.
Not "we."
I made this mess,
and I'll fix it.
I'll find the investor.
Look no further.
Here I am.
See?
I'm really good at this.
What are you doing here?
I think I just said.
Right, but --
But nothing!
Let us meet this angel.
-Hi. I'm Aiden.
-Aiden.
Aiden...this is Pippa.
Who says what now?
Thisis Pippa?
PippaPippa?
ThePippa?
I see my reputation
precedes me.
I hope that's a good thing,
but I fear it isn't.
Pippa, you -- you offered
to help me findan investor,
not be the investor.
Look, you need a 10K cash
infusion and a safety net.
I'm offering that.
Wow.
She's offering that.
Pippa, I --
You know,
this is kind of thing
that we should
probably consult about.
Right, partner?
Um, would you excuse us
for just one second?
So...what do we think?
Because generally speaking,
I make it a point
not to look a gift hot chick
in the mouth.
Yes, but going into business
with my ex-fiance,
that could cause
some Serious issues.
Especially since Pippa
is so crazy hot.
Stella did know that Pippa
was planning on helping me,
and she was fine with it.
Plus, Pippa wouldn't have to
move here to invest.
So maybe she could
be a silent partner?
And being silent
will not prevent her
from being
stupid hot.
All right,
seriously, Aiden.
Okay, look.
We don't need her money.
Right. We don't.
We can always find someone new
to invest the $10,000.
Wow. Okay, that is
a big safety net.
Ugh. Just looking at it
makes me feel calm.
Still.
Considering
the circumstances,
probably best to find
someone else.
Totally, and now we don't even
have to tell Stella
about the offer at all,
right?
Right.
Total non-issue.
Hi. Look who I found here.
It's your new business partner.
Actually, she's not.
Aiden and I both really
appreciate the offer, Pippa,
but, um,
we're not interested.
Really?
I see
so much potential here,.
-We're sure.
We're gonna find
another way.
Well, I'm sorry
to hear that.
I'm sorry you came
all this way for nothing.
Well,
it's not for nothing.
Stella was telling me
about her bone marrow drive,
and I'd love to come tonight
and support the cause.
Pippa was the last person
I wanted to come tonight,
but she did have bone marrow.
Great! Just don't forget
to bring those cheeks.
Eh...You know
what I'm saying.
I do.
I'll see you all tonight.
And T'll leave this.
You never know.
So, I'm guessing that was
a pretty good offer?
It doesn't matter.
Aiden and I both agree
that we do not need her money.
We're gonna find
another way.
All right, then I better
start getting ready, too.
-Okay.
-Bye.
Bye.
-Hey.
Hey, guys?
You, uh, need anything?
Diego, good news!
We just made room
for a new partner,
and naturally, you're the
first person we thought of.
All we need from you is a
small investment, and you're in.
Finally!
Ah, come here!
Oh!
I have been waiting
for you guys to ask me
to be your partner!
-Thank you!
No. No. I can't do it.
Wait, really?
You just said you wanted
to be a partner.
I wanted you to wantme
to be your partner.
But I got kids
and a mortgage and --
'Nough said.
I'll find someone else.
Quick thought.
Uh, if I were your partner,
I actually would spring
for a bar sign out front.
I mean, how are people
gonna come in
if they can't find
the place, right?
Fine! Geez.
I'll put out a sign.
Guys, there's a line
around the block!
That's amazing!
Very impressive,
gang.
Let's do this,
shall we?
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
I see the way that you've
been looking at me
You know that I got
what you wanted
Think I gotta
let you know that we
Were over the day
that we started
It was coming on eventually
The writing was on the wall
And as soon as you move on
We tried to dance
And you didn't
wanna look uncool
You took my hand, and I
Put my trust in you
Hi. Sign up for
the bone marrow registry?I don't think so.
If you're a match,
you could save a life.
Sorry.
Thanks
for your compassion.
Hey, Aiden?!
This guy wants to take
our picture
for the hospital
newsletter.
Great place.
I bet it catches on
like wildfire.
We certainly hope so,
'cause if not...
Hey, how are my
maybe
Can I have a photo
of you three?
Oh, no, she's not
our partner. At all.
Well, she's still improving
the shot considerably.
Sorry, darling,
but you know
this is my good side.
We had to reshoot
our engagement photos.
I also do baby photos,
if you guys are in the market.
Oh, no. Uh, I'm not his wife...
almost once, but not quite.
That's his wife.
Stella?!
Hmm?
-Hi.
-Nice to meet you.
-Yeah.
Smile.
Pippa, may I borrow you
for a moment?
Yeah. Absolutely, Stella.
Anything for you.
What can I do for you?
For starters,
you can tell me
what it is you're really
doing in Asheville.
I'm sorry.
I'm not sure I understand.
It's a simple question,
Pippa.
Why are you here?
Wes needed somebody
to help him,
and I wanted to offer
to be that somebody.
Look, if we're being
perfectly honest,
the both of us know
that the real reason
why you want to
invest in this bar
is so that Wes will be back
in your life in a big way.
I'm here because I want to help
a man I care deeply about.
No. You can't do that.
-Care. Deeply.
I'm sorry, Stella,
but I already do.
Wes and I grew up together.
He's practically family.
And if I can help him,
I have to try.
Or would you rather
I let him fail?
Of course not.
But you have to understand
you are not Wes' somebody.
I am.
Okay, and in a marriage, there's
only room for one somebody.
Stella, hey.
Sorry for interrupting.
Hi. I didn't know
you were gonna make it.
Um, this is Pippa.
Wes' ex.
Nice to meet you.
Will Grant.
Dr. Will Grant?
That's right.
I've heard
all about you.
I'll let you two chat.
-Pleasure.
And that's when I realized,
Pippa didn't need to work
her way into our marriage.
Wes had already let her in.
Sorry.
Will you excuse me?
Yeah.
Sorry,
but it's 21 and over.
-I'm 24.
-Sure you are.
Miles! Hi.
Oh, this is our
couples counselor.
I didn't know you were
still in couples therapy.
They're not anymore.
They keep quitting every time
they have a good session.
Okay.
Well, uh, Miles,
would you like to sign up
for the bone marrow registry?
-Great.
Peter!
-Hey!
-This place is great!
I know, right?
Here.
I need to talk to you
about Ida.
Is everything all right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
She's fine.
Uh, except that she wants
to go back to college
and she can't afford it.
I was thinking maybe you knew of
scholarships or financial aid.
Why didn't she come
to me with this?
I think she's
a little embarrassed.
She left you to be
her own person.
And now
she needs your help.
And I can't imagine it feels
too good to know that.
Hmm.
You really don't have to
feel bad about the fact
that this is harder than
you thought it would be.
I just thought we were past all
these ridiculous trust issues.
And what am I
still so afraid of?
Maybe what scares you...
is the thought that Wes could
feel the same way about Pippa
that you feel
about Dr. Grant.
I don't have those
feelings for Dr. Grant.
Okay.
Quick announcement.
Girls drink free!
...ly. Girls drink freely.
But also drink responsibly.
And please pay for stuff.
Peter.
Hi! Wow!
You look handsome.
Ida, you look...20.
I could mistake you
for just another coed.
Like father, like son.
There's just something
about being around them.
It makes me feel like
I never left school.
Then you should go back.
Oh, yeah, I already
looked into it.
Unfortunately,
I can't afford it.
You can.
Turns out, as the wife
of a college professor,
you can attend the
university tuition-free.
Really?
But wait a minute.
Wait, wait. We're divorced.
You just filed the paperwork.
I haven't.
Not yet.
And I won't, if you
really want to do this.
Well, what about Gina?
I thought
this was important to her.
It is.
But your happiness
is important to me.
And if Gina really is the woman
for me, she'll understand.
You've supported me
through 30 years of marriage.
- _Theleast1lcan do
is give you a few semesters.
Is that
a habanero martini?
Yes.
But I liked these
way before I met you.
Hmm. I thought we weren't
gonna lie to each other.
Right. Oh, I'm -- I'm sorry
I ran off earlier.
How was the dedication?
Ah. It was like
a slow-motion train wreck.
Oh, no. Seriously?
Yeah.
But based on some good advice
that I got earlier,
I decided to forget
about my insane family
and focus on the kid
who got the scholarship.
I'm glad I went.
Thank you.
That was all
Jesse's advice.
No, Stella, I needed somebody,
and you were there for me, so...
-Thank you for coming.
-Yeah.
Yeah. And thank you
for your DNA.
Mmm.
Please don't clone me.
I'm pretty sure one of you
is more than enough.
So the turnout's
amazing.
Yeah, there's a lot
of people here,
but turns out
that 20-somethings
would rather
drink themselves blind
than sign up for a potentially
invasive medical procedure.
And this is news to you?
In fairness, I haven't
had much experience
being a typical
20-something.
So how many more
donors do you need?
A lot.
Um, hey, how cool
is this place, right?
-I don't know.
But if he starts singing,
I'm gonna burn
this bar to the ground.
Does anyone out here drink gin?
Huh
There they are!
There's my people!
So, I, uh --
I started drinking gin, um,
because my older brother, Jesse,
he -- he told me that --
that James Bond was
the coolest guy ever.
And I-I thought
that my older brother
was the coolest guy ever,
so, well...here I am.
Drinking gin alone.
I would give anything if --
if Jesse was here tonight.
He would love this place.
He would.
But he's not here.
Because he -- he died three
weeks before his 21st birthday.
Um...
He had cancer, and he --
he needed
a bone marrow transplant,
and I-I'll never forget
the day that I-I went
to get tested to see
if I was a match.
But I wasn't a match and, uh --
and I couldn't save his life.
But -- But maybe someone
in this room could have.
So if you haven't
gotten swabbed yet,
please...be the hero
that I know you can be.
And if you don't want to do it
for some guy up here
drinking gin,
then -- then do it
for my brother.
Thank you guys.
Cheers!
That was some speech.
I guess Dr. Grant's
still in the picture.
He's not.
And I should never have talked
to you about that whole thing.
You don't want to take my money.
I get that.
But it's me. _
You can always tell me anything.
No, Pip, I can't.
Not anymore.
Will!
Will?!
Hey.
That was some speech.
I really thought I could
keep it together, but...
I'm a mess today.
Well, thank you.
And just so you know,
you are a hero...
to that kid you helped today, to
the kids you help every day...
to me.
And if you miss your brother,
it's okay to be a mess.
It's okay.
It's just a little white lie
If it is all the same to me
And it's just
a little white lie
If I was to blame you
Would you...
What was that?
I...I don't --
I don't know.
I-I didn't mean it
to happen that way.
So you did
want it to happen?
Yeah. Of course I wanted it
to happen, but...not now.
No. Not ever.
What?I'm serious. I mean it.
Okay, I'm gonna...
I'm gonna go home now.
Wes! There he is!
We need to celebrate!
Let me watch you do
a couple...shots.
Hey. Are you okay?
I promise I'll figure out
the money stuff.
But tonight, we just
got to enjoy this.
Sorry.
I got to get out of here.
What
Can't believe
the kid who framed
his Least Likely to Succeed
award
is a business owner.
And, by the way, everything
that Aiden is doing
is because of you.
It's because of us.
To us.
[ Mid-tempo music plays,
indistinct singing]
You remember this?
This is the first song
that we ever danced to.
At that sorority mixer
you made me go to.
Yes.
You really missed out
not being bi in college.
No, I didn't.
It's been 100 years since
the last time I asked you this,
but, Ida Kaminsky,
would you like to dance with me?
I'd love to.
Elaine. Hi.
Have you seen my husband?
No, but I have signed up a lot
of people for the registry.
You did a great job.
You make people care, Stella.
It's a strength.
Why does it feel
like a weakness?
-Nothing.
I'm sorry. I just --
I need to find Wes.
Wes, would you
please stop walking?
Would you please
stop following me?
I'm worried about you.
What's going on?
Wes?
Well, I'm thinking
to myself again
Am I always on
the losing end?
You never called back,
you never called back
Well, that's okay, 'cause
I don't talk like that
Wes? Now, I'm waiting
for my time to come
And I know
I'm not the only one
I'll never hold back,
I'll never hold back
Hey, it's me again.
I'm just checking in.
I-I lost track
of you at the bar
and I'm really starting
to get worried,
so just call me back, okay?
"Cause I know
it would be good for you
Talk to me. You don't know,
then I'll show you
Let me show you how
Will you show me how
So meet me in the middle
sometime